docs/intro.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome to the OSPO Static Site Template

## Getting Started
Fork the repositorty of the site on our [GitHub](https://https://github.com/RedHatOfficial/static-website-template-for-ospo). 



### What you'll need

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) version 18.0 or above:
  - When installing Node.js, you are recommended to check all checkboxes related to dependencies.

## Generate a new site

Generate a new Docusaurus site using the **classic template**.

The classic template will automatically be added to your project after you run the command:

```bash
npm init docusaurus@latest my-website classic
```

You can type this command into Command Prompt, Powershell, Terminal, or any other integrated terminal of your code editor.

The command also installs all necessary dependencies you need to run Docusaurus.

## Start your site

Run the development server:

```bash
cd my-website
npm run start
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with. In order to work with your newly created Docusaurus site, you'll need to navigate the terminal there.

The `npm run start` command builds your website locally and serves it through a development server, ready for you to view at http://localhost:3000/.

Open `docs/intro.md` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **reloads automatically** and displays your changes.

Commit message:

start on documentation: how to fork and run the template
Signed-off-by: Jess Chitas <36636982+jessicachitas@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/intro.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome to the OSPO Static Site Template

## Getting Started

### Forking the repo

Fork the repositorty of the site on our [GitHub](https://https://github.com/RedHatOfficial/static-website-template-for-ospo). 

Clone your fork to your own computer then using this command and replacing the link with your own HTTPS clone link found underneath the **Code** button (see image below):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/[USERNAME]/[NAME-OF-FORK]
```

![Location of HTML clone link](./images/clone-repo.png)

## Start the site

Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en) if you do not have it on your local machine.

Run `node --version` in your terminal to check to see if you have it installed correctly. It should come back with a version number (vX.Y.Z):

Run a fresh install of npm on the project:

```bash
cd [NAME-OF-FILE]
npm install
```

Run the server itself with this command:

```bash
npm start
```

The `cd` command changes the directory you're working with. 

The `npm start` command builds your website locally and serves it through a development server, ready for you to view at http://localhost:3000/.

Open `docs/intro.md` (this page) and edit some lines: the site **reloads automatically** and displays your changes.
